Drag and drop python scripts (#805)
napari/docs: docs/tutorials/fundamentals/features.md

To open it, go to `Layer -> Visualize -> Features Table Widget` or press
{kbd}`Command/Ctrl+Shift+P` to open the [command palette](command-palette) and search for "features".
To see it in action, see the {ref}`sphx_glr_gallery_features_table_widget.py` gallery example.

> ## Running python scripts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Running python scripts with napari
```

> Images and other data files are not the only thing that napari can read! You can also run any python script via napari with `napari my_script.py` or even by [drag'n'dropping](https://github.com/napari/napari/blob/main/examples/drag_and_drop_python_code.py) it onto the viewer. In that case, napari will do some magic and replace your first viewer creation with the current existing viewer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Images and other data files are not the only thing that napari can read! You can also run any python script in napari by using the console command `napari my_script.py` or even by [drag'n'dropping](https://github.com/napari/napari/blob/main/examples/drag_and_drop_python_code.py) the script onto the viewer. When a script is opened with napari the first viewer instance created by teh script will be replaced with the current existing viewer.
```
```suggestion
Images and other data files are not the only thing that napari can read! You can also run any python script via napari with `napari my_script.py` or even by [drag'n'dropping](https://github.com/napari/napari/blob/main/examples/drag_and_drop_python_code.py) it onto the viewer. In that case, napari will do some magic and replace your first viewer creation with the current existing viewer.
```

> Images and other data files are not the only thing that napari can read! You can also run any python script in napari by using the console command `napari my_script.py` or even by [drag'n'dropping](https://github.com/napari/napari/blob/main/examples/drag_and_drop_python_code.py) the script onto the viewer. When a script is opened with napari the first viewer instance created by teh script will be replaced with the current existing viewer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Images and other data files are not the only thing that napari can read! You can also run any python script in napari by [drag'n'dropping](https://github.com/napari/napari/blob/main/examples/drag_and_drop_python_code.py) the script onto the viewer. When a script is opened with napari the first viewer instance created by the script will be replaced with the current existing viewer.
```

> This is pretty useful for quickly testing or distributing code snippets without having to leave the viewer or touch the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is especially useful for quickly testing or distributing code snippets without needing to leave the viewer or touch the console.
```
